it's April 15th
just outside Huntington Indiana there's
some fresh strips made with the shallow
tillage shank the cooler shank for a
Wolfman manufacturing with Brubaker
farms running a 6-row one tripper on a
John Deere 4560 doing a fine job
take a look here at the two wing that's
on the machine you get a pretty good
look of the shoulder unit there walk up
a little closer about eighty degrees out
today pretty beautiful in this part of
the world
a little better eyeball
same orphan one trip a row unit took out
the knife shank for Susan tillage mole
knife replaced it with a one by four
shank that carries two one-inch wavy
colder in the middle there space for and
ass still using the 2-inch wavy to do
the closing and build a little bit of
the dome we like to plan on I'll walk up
closer and get that bird's eye view here
I'm not going to talk any cuz the
tractor probably ground me out of its
not doing it already
there you can see some of the spacing on
the row unit
so we've got our depth pain quarter in
our road cleaners we do have a route
cleaners
set just a tick aggressive
that's where the girl one of them wants
a nice clean seat bed we can we can do
that
a little idea kind of back here
bird's-eye view right down the
fit nicely in there playing each other
off work well get a little more video
then it's run this here just a second